1)

we're using new to create new nodes in the heap. 

from what I learned in CSCE121, when we call new, the object is created 
somewhere in the heap--just some random place

when we do malloc and then new,
does new still put our object randomly in the heap?
or is it clever enough to place the new object in our malloc-obtained memory?
or, if new doesn't do that, how can we force it to 
place the object at a specific memory location?

should we be using new at all...?

ANSWER: free implicitly clears the objects. We shouldn't be using new.
Instead, we use reinterpret_cast<*node>(head_pointer) to convert the head_pointer from char* to node*,
allowing us to iterate through the list.

2)

based on the definition of free_data_pointer,
I assumed we would create M/b nodes,
with the first nodes of the linked-list having
data, and the remaining nodes not.

our insert() would simply take a preexisting node and put data into it,
then shift free_data_pointer--instead of dynamically creating a new node every time we call insert,
which seems to rely on implicit memory management.

is this the correct approach?

ANSWER: Nope. Insert inserts something new. We don't pre-construct any nodes. 

Also, delete gets more complicated.

3)

The provided definition of node doesn't define a value parameter,
which makes sense, since value is typeless and can be assigned any type at runtime.

But then how do we attach a value to a node?

ANSWER: We don't. The actual value simply floats in memory behind the node itself. 
Accessing it requires pointer arithmetic.

There are additional complications...:
(Questions regarding null terminator) In C, a string is a series of bytes in memory that can be arbitrary
Typically, something will read the string until it hits whitespace or until a null terminator; 
missing those, it'll go past the intended end, and read garbage

(Questions regarding memcpy) --in C standard lib (include cstdlib or stdlib.h)
use memcpy to copy data from char_pointer (argument of insert function) into our linked list memory zone.